#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements/doc.txt requirements/doc.in
#
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via sphinx
amqp==5.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-tincan-py35
asgiref==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
babel==2.9.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   sphinx
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
bleach==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   readme-renderer
celery==5.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.0.11
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
code-annotations==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
cryptography==36.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-fernet-fields
    #   pyjwt
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   djangorestframework-xml
django==3.2.12
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-crum
    #   django-fernet-fields
    #   django-filter
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-multi-email-field
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rbac
    #   jsonfield
django-cache-memoize==0.1.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-config-models==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-countries==7.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-rbac
django-fernet-fields==0.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-filter==21.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-ipware==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-model-utils==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-rbac
django-multi-email-field==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-object-actions==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-simple-history==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-waffle==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework-xml==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
doc8==0.10.1
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
docutils==0.17.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/doc.in
    #   doc8
    #   readme-renderer
    #   restructuredtext-lint
    #   sphinx
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-django-utils==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
edx-drf-extensions==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-rbac
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-rbac==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
edx-rest-api-client==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
edx-sphinx-theme==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
edx-tincan-py35==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwkest
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
imagesize==1.3.0
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==4.10.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   sphinx
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   sphinx
jsondiff==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
kombu==5.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
newrelic==7.4.0.172
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   bleach
    #   sphinx
path==16.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   path-py
path-py==12.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
pbr==5.8.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
pillow==9.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
prompt-toolkit==3.0.28
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-repl
psutil==5.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.14.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwkest
pygments==2.11.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   doc8
    #   readme-renderer
    #   sphinx
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
pyjwt[crypto]==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
pymongo==3.10.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   packaging
python-dateutil==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
python-slugify==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   babel
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   edx-tincan-py35
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
readme-renderer==32.0
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   pyjwkest
    #   slumber
    #   sphinx
    #   tableauserverclient
restructuredtext-lint==1.3.2
    # via doc8
rules==3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
semantic-version==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   bleach
    #   click-repl
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-sphinx-theme
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
sphinx==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.in
    #   edx-sphinx-theme
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   doc8
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
tableauserverclient==0.17.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
testfixtures==6.18.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python-slugify
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
urllib3==1.26.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   bleach
zipp==3.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
