#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements/test.txt requirements/test.in
#
amqp==5.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-tincan-py35
asgiref==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   pytest
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
bleach==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
celery==5.0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   diff-cover
charset-normalizer==2.0.11
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
code-annotations==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
coverage[toml]==6.3.1
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==36.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-fernet-fields
    #   pyjwt
ddt==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   djangorestframework-xml
diff-cover==6.4.4
    # via -r requirements/test.in
distlib==0.3.4
    # via virtualenv
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-crum
    #   django-fernet-fields
    #   django-filter
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-multi-email-field
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rbac
    #   jsonfield
django-cache-memoize==0.1.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-config-models==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-countries==7.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-rbac
django-fernet-fields==0.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-filter==21.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-ipware==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-model-utils==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   edx-rbac
django-multi-email-field==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-object-actions==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-simple-history==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
django-waffle==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
djangorestframework-xml==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-django-utils==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
edx-drf-extensions==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-rbac
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-rbac==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
edx-rest-api-client==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
edx-tincan-py35==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
factory-boy==3.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
faker==12.3.3
    # via factory-boy
filelock==3.4.2
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
freezegun==0.3.14
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwkest
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   diff-cover
jsondiff==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
kombu==5.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
mock==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
newrelic==7.4.0.172
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   bleach
    #   pytest
    #   tox
path==16.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   path-py
path-py==12.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
pbr==5.8.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
pillow==9.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
platformdirs==2.5.0
    # via virtualenv
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   diff-cover
    #   pytest
    #   tox
prompt-toolkit==3.0.28
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-repl
psutil==5.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.14.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwkest
pygments==2.11.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   diff-cover
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
pyjwt[crypto]==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
pymongo==3.10.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   packaging
pytest==6.2.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
python-slugify==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   edx-tincan-py35
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   pyjwkest
    #   responses
    #   slumber
    #   tableauserverclient
responses==0.10.15
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
rules==3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
semantic-version==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   bleach
    #   click-repl
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rbac
    #   freezegun
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
    #   responses
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
tableauserverclient==0.17.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
testfixtures==6.18.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python-slugify
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tomli==2.0.1
    # via coverage
tox==3.24.5
    # via -r requirements/test.in
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
urllib3==1.26.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
virtualenv==20.13.1
    # via tox
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/edx-platform-constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   bleach
